- Caelians have powers.  like, currently, i think they can just foresee...like, their minds are clear so they have the power of clarity.  with this, i want them to be able to rework the laws of physics, but i want it to have some sense of realism, at least for me.  so, like...if I can come up with a solid explanation of how Lucian can create fire, not all the details, but plausible structures, like, maybe he channels energy.  I really don't want this to be super-cosmic fantasy and just have time-splitting, world destroying shit.
- They are immortal.
- They have been around since the beginning of time.  through many civilizations.  Civilizations so old that some of our fiction is actually based on true events, from long distant societies.  I'd like to lean into the idea that all acts of fiction are potentially historical.
- They can sense each others presence, although they have learned to be courteous.  Like, Lucian can "reach out" to Lyra across time space, she can understand his words.  Caelians have control over their resonance, however, so can, essentially, increase/decrease their volume.  While, like Lucian, would be able to "hear and eavesdrop" on communications, they often don't, out of respect.
- They can materialize/dematerialize.  I think I want this to be implied, not necessarily explicitly shown. 
- They are highly advanced, not only in mythical prowess, but also experience and wisdom.  This manifests, however as mostly playful irreverence, as I think that gods would be as such.  No responsibilities, no purpose, now fears of lack.  Just a big sandbox.
- They see patterns.  They can follow trajectories of probabilities with precision, which allow them to game markets and navigate Earth with ease.  They participate in Earth economy, but have the upper hand of eons of wisdom and experience.  They all exist in a state of extraordinary wealth, however, they stay under the radar, utilizing techniques to ensure that they are not brought to the forefront of any media or spotlight.
- 